Improve and simplify AutoEval (#6)
J-SNACKKB/autoeval: README.md

Availability semaphore:

> - ✅: Available in configsbank in the closest possible way to the better configuration in the reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✅: Available in configsbank is the closest possible way to the best configuration in the reference.
```
